    Computers follow an explicit set of instructions. While they can execute steps very fast, they need to fully understand the context of
a problem before being able to execute a solution.
    A Computer Program is the set of instructions that directs a Computer to perform an action in a specific order. Programs are implemented
in a Programming Language which tells a computer how to complete a task. There are many different Languages, which some include:
    1. Java
    2. C++
    3. Python
    4. C 
and many many more. Writing Code is called Programming which is then executed on a computers Hardware, specifically the CPU (Central 
Processing Unit). Other relevant parts of the computer for programming include:
    1. Memory - Programs are loaded here before execution
    2. Storage - Where files/installed programs are stored
    3. GPU - Graphical Processing Unit, where heavyweight tasks are executed (Common for Graphics Programming).
More vocabulary include software (any installed/created program), Operating System (OS), Platform (set of hardware and software of
a computer), and Porting (moving software to a different Platform)

    What is Machine Language?
This is the 'code' directly understandable by a computers CPU. This means C++ works as an intermediate between human language and the 
computer. The set of all machine language that a computer can fully understand is called the Instruction Set. Each instruction completes
a very specific action to execute such as 'compare these two numbers' or 'copy this number into a specific location'.
Initially, instructions were made in machine code and were very complex and time consuming to create by scientists. See more on this 
by researching Compilers, and other Low-Level Topics. Some things of note:

    "First, each instruction is composed of a sequence of 1s and 0s. Each individual 0 or 1 is called a binary digit, or bit for short. 
The number of bits in a machine language instruction varies -- for example, some CPUs process instructions that are always 
32 bits long, whereas some other CPUs (such as those from the x86 family, which you may be using) have instructions that can 
be a variable length.

Second, each family of compatible CPUs (e.g. x86, Arm64) has its own machine language, 
and this machine language is not compatible with the machine language of other CPU families. 
This means machine language programs written for one CPU family cannot be run on CPUs from a different family!"
(Credit: https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/introduction-to-programming-languages/)

CPUs are apart of a family often called an Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) (formal)

    Assembly Languages
Machine Learning instructions are written in bits which are ideal for CPUs to read but are difficult for humans to understand intuitively.
This cumbersome notion motivates the need for programming languages for humans to easily understand and communicate with computers.
Directly quoting: 
    "An assembly language (often called assembly for short) is a programming language that essentially functions 
    as a more human-readable machine language. Here is the same instruction as above in x86 assembly language: mov al, 0x61."
(Credit: https://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/introduction-to-programming-languages/)
This instruction illustrates many of the capabilities that make assembly more readable than machine language.

The operation (what the instruction does) is identified by a short mnemonic (typically a 3-5 letter name). 
    mov is easily understood to be a mnemonic for “move”, which is an operation that copies bits from one location to another.
Registers (fast memory locations that are part of the CPU itself) are accessed by a name. 
    al is the name of a specific register on an x86 CPU.
Numbers can be specified in a more convenient format. 
    Assembly languages typically support both decimal numbers (e.g. 97) and hexadecimal numbers (e.g. 0x61).
It is fairly easy to understand that the assembly instruction mov al, 0x61 copies hexadecimal number 0x61 into the al CPU register.

CPUs do not understand Assembly, so they must be converted to machine language before execution.
This is done with an Assembler program.

Low-Level Languages
Low-level languages have a number of notable downsides:

Programs written in a low-level language are not portable. Since a low-level language is tailored to a specific 
    instruction set architecture, the programs written in the language are too. 
Porting such programs to other architectures is typically non-trivial.
Writing a program in a low-level language requires detailed knowledge of the architecture itself. 
    For instance, the instruction mov al, 061h requires knowing that al refers to a CPU register available 
    on this specific platform, and understanding how to work with that register. On a different architecture, 
    this register might be named something different, have different limitations, or not exist at all.
Low-level programs are hard to understand. While individual assembly instructions can be quite understandable, 
    it can still be hard to deduce what a section of assembly code is actually doing. 
    And since assembly programs require many instructions to do even simple tasks, they tend to be quite long
It is hard to write assembly programs of significant complexity because the language 
    only provides primitive capabilities. The programmer is left to implement everything they need themselves.
The primary benefit of low-level languages is that they are fast. 
    Assembly is still used today when there are sections of code that 
    are performance critical. And it’s also used in a few other cases, one of which we’ll discuss in a moment.

High Level-languages
These are the more common programming languages programmers use C++, C, Perl, Java...
For these languages to be executed on machines they must be Compiled or Interpreted.
A compiler is a program (or collection of programs) that reads the source code of one language 
    (usually a high-level language) and translates it into another language (usually a low-level language). 
    For example, a C++ compiler translates C++ source code into machine code.

Alternatively, an interpreter is a program that directly executes the instructions in the source code without requiring them 
    to be compiled first. Interpreters tend to be more flexible than compilers, but are less efficient when running programs 
    because the interpreting process needs to be done every time the program is run. This also means the interpreter must be 
    installed on every machine where an interpreted program will be run.

Benefits of High level languages
The benefits allow us to create high level abstractions which can better suit some problems and solving them.
Consider the instruction a = 97;. This instruction lets us store the value 97 somewhere in memory, without needing 
to know exactly where that value will be placed, or what specific machine code instruction is needed by the CPU to 
store that value. In fact, there is nothing platform-specific about this instruction at all. 
The compiler does all the work to figure out how this C++ instruction translates into platform-specific machine code.

High-level languages allow programmers to write programs without knowing much about the platform it will be run on. 
This not only makes programs easier to write, it also makes them significantly more portable. If we’re careful, we 
can write a single C++ that will compile on every platform that has a C++ compiler! A program that is designed to 
run on multiple platforms is said to be cross-platform.